Git better at cooking!
By Cristina Gatt, Aidan Cauchi, Matthew Vella

Introduction
-------------------
Dear Reader,
Thank you for choosing our book to enhance your cooking experience. We guarantee that you will not be disappointed with the result of the recipes. May you be brave enough to try them all!

Hot 'n' spicy roasted red pepper & tomato soup

290g roasted red peppers, drained
270g cherry tomatoes, halved
1 garlic clove, crushed
1 vegetable stock cube
1 tsp paprika
1 tbsp olive oil
4 tbsp ground almonds

Method

Put the roasted red peppers in a blender with the cherry tomatoes, garlic, vegetable stock cube, 100ml water, paprika, olive oil and ground almonds. Blitz until smooth, season well and heat until piping hot before ser00g packs fresh gnocchi

Gnocchi with mushrooms and Blue Cheese

Ingredients
2 x 400g packs fresh gnocchi
1 tbsp olive oil
knob of butter
1 large onion, roughly chopped
500g small Forestière or Portobello mushrooms, sliced
2 large garlic cloves, chopped
150g pack creamy blue cheese (we used Danish blue)
small pack parsley , chopped

Method

1) Bring a large pan of water to the boil and cook the gnocchi following pack instructions. When they float to the top of the pan, they are ready. Drain and set aside.
2) Meanwhile, heat the oil and butter in a large lidded frying pan. Add the onion and mushrooms, cook for 1 min over a high heat, then turn down the heat to medium, put the lid on and cook for 5 mins, stirring a few times.
3) Remove the lid and add the garlic, cook for 1-2 mins, then stir the gnocchi into the pan. Scatter over blobs of cheese and the parsley.

Artichoke and roasted red pepper omelette

Ingredients:
5 eggs, separated
2 whole eggs
½ can artichoke hearts, drained, quartered if whole
1 whole roasted pepper
 from a jar or can drained, patted dry and roughly chopped
50g vegetarian Parmesan-style cheese
10 large basil leaves, shredded
1 tbsp butter
1 tbsp extra virgin rapeseed or olive oil

Method
1) In a large bowl, lightly beat together the 5 egg yolks and 2 whole eggs. In a separate bowl, use an electric whisk to beat the egg whites until stiff. Add whites to the yolks and fold together carefully, keeping it light and fluffy. Fold in the artichokes, pepper, half the cheese, the basil, salt and pepper.
2) Heat grill to high. Heat a medium non-stick frying pan over a medium heat. Add the butter and oil. When the butter has melted, add the omelette mixture and spread evenly. Cook until golden underneath, about 5 mins. Scatter over remaining cheese, then place the pan under the grill and cook for a further 2 mins. Slide the omelette onto a board or serving plate. Cut into wedges and serve.

Conclusion
---------------
We would like to thank once more for taking a look at what we have ‘cooked up’ in this book. We hope we left you wanting for more! 


